the wizzy will is a fantastic innovative
tool that helps make life a little
easier it is simple to operate and fits
into a normal electric drill found in
homes and workshops the wizzy will has
an attachment that screws onto it and
this goes into the drill chuck then
tightens just the same as a normal drill
bit the operating speed of the wizzy
will is between 2,000 and 4,000
revolutions per minute
the wizzy will is manufactured from a
specially formulated synthetic rubber
and the slotted edge design is the key
to removing decals stickers and vinyl
lettering quickly and easily a light to
medium pressure is all that is required
and at the same time moving backwards
and forwards top to bottom as shown in
this video it does not matter what color
will shape your decals and stickers are
as the wizzy will removes them all the
dust residue created during the moving
process can be wiped off with a piece of
normal cloth the most common places
where wizzy wheels are used is a removal
of decals stickers and vinyl lettering
on pickups autos vans trucks buses
mobile homes boats aircraft glass
windows and many many other places Luisi
will can save your save your hours of
work this video shows you how quickly
the removal is it took only minutes to
remove these four inch high letters and
remember there are no messy chemicals or
water used it is a very simple and
uncomplicated method and here is a tip
although the wizzy will completely
removes it easy among the majority work
on some occasions cageless and some
occasional instances where dickelson
stickers have been stuck on for years or
cheap vinyl has been used some adhesive
may remain on the surface this can
quickly be removed by wiping the surface
with citrus degreaser without causing
damage to the surface you'll have a lot
of fun with your wizzy will
you